README.md, before:

React Material-UI Boilerplate, using Typescript with Transform for Hot Reloading
================================================================================

This is a new boilerplate / starter kit for live editing ReactJS components written in Typescript. The expample App 
shows some simple examples of how to incorporate the great [Material-UI React componentent library](https://github.com/callemall/material-ui) 
that implements Google's Material Design.

This project builds on the [react-transform-boilerplate-ts](https://github.com/danzel/react-transform-boilerplate-ts) 
from Dave Leaver, which in turn builds on the previous [react-hot-boilerplate-ts](https://github.com/wmaurer/react-hot-boilerplate-ts),
from Wayne Maurer that uses the now deprecated [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader).

This boilerplate uses the new [React Transform](https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-boilerplate) family of 
products. Is copied from Dan Abramov's [react-transform-boilerplate](https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-boilerplate),
converted to Typescript, uses an additional loader [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader)
and has had all dependancies updated to current versions (including React 15.3 and Babel 6.14).

## How does Typescript help when writing a React Application?

Typesript is about type safety, and by using the [typings for react on DefinitelyTyped](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/react),
we can define a `Counter` component as follows:

```
interface ICounterProps {
	increment: number;
	color: string;
}

interface ICounterState {
	counter: number;
}

export default class Counter extends React.Component<ICounterProps, ICounterState> {
...
}
```

Accessing a property on `this.props` or `this.state` which is not defined on the relevant interfaces (`ICounterProps` and `ICounterState`)
will cause a Typescript type checking error.

In addition, when using the `Counter` component, if either `increment` or `color` are not defined, or if an additional property
were to be set, a Typescript type checking error will also arise.

## Notes about Webpack loaders

The previous boilerplate used only ts-loader, but now babel-loader is also required with the new react-transform, unless
somebody writes a special additional loader for Typescript:

![image 1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2899448/11448335/2ba57154-9556-11e5-8514-50641c37211e.png)

Adding this second transpilation step adds a barely noticeable delay to how quickly hot-reload runs, however this is very
insignificant compared to the rather slow ts-loader. There is currently an issue open about ts-loader's performance [here](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader/issues/78)

## Questions?

Raise an issue or ping [@RLMcKenney](https://twitter.com/rlmckenney) on Twitter.

## License

MIT (public domain)

Commit message:

Add known issues to README

README.md, after:

React Material-UI Boilerplate, using Typescript with Transform for Hot Reloading
================================================================================

This is a new boilerplate / starter kit for live editing ReactJS components written in Typescript. The expample App 
shows some simple examples of how to incorporate the great [Material-UI React componentent library](https://github.com/callemall/material-ui) 
that implements Google's Material Design.

This project builds on the [react-transform-boilerplate-ts](https://github.com/danzel/react-transform-boilerplate-ts) 
from Dave Leaver, which in turn builds on the previous [react-hot-boilerplate-ts](https://github.com/wmaurer/react-hot-boilerplate-ts),
from Wayne Maurer that uses the now deprecated [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader).

This boilerplate uses the new [React Transform](https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-boilerplate) family of 
products. Is copied from Dan Abramov's [react-transform-boilerplate](https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-boilerplate),
converted to Typescript, uses an additional loader [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader)
and has had all dependancies updated to current versions (including React 15.3 and Babel 6.14).

## Known issue
The [react-tap-event-plugin](https://github.com/zilverline/react-tap-event-plugin) required to support the onTouchTap events
in the Material-UI components causes a type error. It is none the less loaded and functions correctly with Babel. However, 
this does necessitate manual reloading in some cases. Suggestions on how to fix this would be most welcome!

## How does Typescript help when writing a React Application?

Typesript is about type safety, and by using the [typings for react on DefinitelyTyped](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/react),
we can define a `Counter` component as follows:

```
interface ICounterProps {
	increment: number;
	color: string;
}

interface ICounterState {
	counter: number;
}

export default class Counter extends React.Component<ICounterProps, ICounterState> {
...
}
```

Accessing a property on `this.props` or `this.state` which is not defined on the relevant interfaces (`ICounterProps` and `ICounterState`)
will cause a Typescript type checking error.

In addition, when using the `Counter` component, if either `increment` or `color` are not defined, or if an additional property
were to be set, a Typescript type checking error will also arise.

## Notes about Webpack loaders

The previous boilerplate used only ts-loader, but now babel-loader is also required with the new react-transform, unless
somebody writes a special additional loader for Typescript:

![image 1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2899448/11448335/2ba57154-9556-11e5-8514-50641c37211e.png)

Adding this second transpilation step adds a barely noticeable delay to how quickly hot-reload runs, however this is very
insignificant compared to the rather slow ts-loader. There is currently an issue open about ts-loader's performance [here](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader/issues/78)

## Questions?

Raise an issue or ping [@RLMcKenney](https://twitter.com/rlmckenney) on Twitter.

## License

MIT (public domain)
